README.md, before:

# Project Title

Python Excel Data Extractor

## Project Description

The Python Excel Data Extractor is a script that reads data from a source Excel sheet and maps specific fields to different locations in a destination Excel sheet. It automates the process of transferring data between sheets based on a predefined mapping.

## Run Instructions

1. Go to https://colab.research.google.com/.
2. Click on the "GitHub" tab.
3. Enter the URL of the Git repository:
   https://github.com/humaidan/pysheets1.git
4. Select main.ipynb file from the repository
5. The notebook will open in Google Colab, and you'll be able to execute the code cells and interact with the notebook's content.
6. Input your excel in main folder and the output file will be in out folder

## Configuration

You can modify the following variables in the `config.py` file:

```
- excelfile: excel file path and name
- modified_excelfile: new file path and name
- sheetname_source: source sheet to read data from
- sheetname_dest: template sheet to copy and write data in
- sysname_col: system name to name the new sheet created
- sysname_col_append: appending the previous name
- field_mapping: dictonary in the form of destination cell informat of A# as a key and value of corresponding column names in source sheet
- pre_fills: dictionary to pre-fill a certain field in the above field_mapping dict
- short_titles: rename a sheet name if found in this dict

```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for enhancements, please submit a pull request or open an issue in the repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Authors

    Ali Humaidan (@humaidan)

Commit message:

fix for ipynb file on google colab

README.md, after:

# Project Title

Python Excel Data Extractor

## Project Description

The Python Excel Data Extractor is a script that reads data from a source Excel sheet and maps specific fields to different locations in a destination Excel sheet. It automates the process of transferring data between sheets based on a predefined mapping.

## Run Instructions

1. Go to https://colab.research.google.com/.
2. Click on the "GitHub" tab.
3. Enter the URL of the Git repository & press Tab selecting humaidan/pysheets1 | main branch:
   https://github.com/humaidan/pysheets1.git
4. Select main.ipynb file from the repository
   ![Ali Humaidan pysheets1 open in Google Colab Image](images/alihumaidan-pysheet-colab.png)
5. Click on main.ipynb
6. The notebook will open in Google Colab, and you'll be able to execute the code cells and interact with the notebook's content.
7. Place your excel in main folder (check config.py) and the output file will be in out folder
8. from Runtime menu -> Run all & confirm any warning

## Configuration

You can modify the following variables in the `config.py` file:

```
- excelfile: excel file path and name
- modified_excelfile: new file path and name
- sheetname_source: source sheet to read data from
- sheetname_dest: template sheet to copy and write data in
- sysname_col: system name to name the new sheet created
- sysname_col_append: appending the previous name
- field_mapping: dictonary in the form of destination cell informat of A# as a key and value of corresponding column names in source sheet
- pre_fills: dictionary to pre-fill a certain field in the above field_mapping dict
- short_titles: rename a sheet name if found in this dict

```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for enhancements, please submit a pull request or open an issue in the repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Authors

    Ali Humaidan (@humaidan)
